[DOCS]  Disabling guest api checkout (#14188)
Sylius/Sylius: docs/cookbook/shop/disabling-guest-checkout.rst

How to disable guest checkout in new API?
=========================================

Our new API let's any anonymous user to proceed through the checkout out of the box (of course if API is enabled).
In order to disable checking out for anonymous user you have to change the same file but use different routes.
Here we will let user to only:

    * Pick up a new cart
    * Have access to it by its token value
    * Let the user add items to the cart

We will modify the same file as in example on top, the ``security.yaml``:

.. code-block:: yaml

    # config/packages/security.yaml
    security:
        access_control:
           - { path: "%sylius.security.new_api_shop_regex%/orders", method: POST, GET , role: IS_AUTHENTICATED_ANONYMOUSLY }
           - { path: "%sylius.security.new_api_shop_regex%/orders/.*/items", method: POST , role: IS_AUTHENTICATED_ANONYMOUSLY }
           - { path: "%sylius.security.new_api_shop_regex%/.*", role: ROLE_USER }

.. warning::

    The "main" path (in this example ``"%sylius.security.new_api_shop_regex%/.*"`` ) should be at the very end of the configuration
    with the same route, otherwise this would not work.

> Now when an anonymous user will try to use other checkout routes he will be informed that he is not authenticated:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now when an anonymous user will try to use other checkout routes they will be informed that they are not authenticated:
```

they will be redirected to the login/registration page, where after they sign in/sign up they
will be redirected to the checkout addressing step.

How to disable guest checkout in new API?
=========================================

Our new API let's any anonymous user to proceed through the checkout out of the box (of course if API is enabled).
In order to disable checking out for anonymous user you have to change the same file but use different routes.
Here we will let user to only:

>     * Get new cart

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Pick up a new cart
```

>     * Get the order by token value

Reviewer: 🤔 I do not get that?

```suggestion
    * Have access to it by its token value
```

>     * Let the user to add an item to the cart

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Let the user add items to the cart
```

We will modify the same file as in example on top, the ``security.yaml``:

.. code-block:: yaml

>     # config/packages/security.yaml
>     security:
>         access_control:
>     -       - { path: "%sylius.security.new_api_shop_regex%/.*", role: IS_AUTHENTICATED_ANONYMOUSLY }
>     +       - { path: "%sylius.security.new_api_shop_regex%/orders", method: POST, GET , role: IS_AUTHENTICATED_ANONYMOUSLY }
>     +       - { path: "%sylius.security.new_api_shop_regex%/orders/.*/items", method: POST , role: IS_AUTHENTICATED_ANONYMOUSLY }
>     +       - { path: "%sylius.security.new_api_shop_regex%/.*", role: ROLE_USER }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # config/packages/security.yaml
    security:
        access_control:
            - { path: "%sylius.security.new_api_shop_regex%/.*", role: IS_AUTHENTICATED_ANONYMOUSLY }
            - { path: "%sylius.security.new_api_shop_regex%/orders", method: POST, GET , role: IS_AUTHENTICATED_ANONYMOUSLY }
            - { path: "%sylius.security.new_api_shop_regex%/orders/.*/items", method: POST , role: IS_AUTHENTICATED_ANONYMOUSLY }
            - { path: "%sylius.security.new_api_shop_regex%/.*", role: ROLE_USER }
```

Reviewer: something went crazy in here 👯

Author: Not really crazy - i just wanted to show like a git diff that first line to be removed and other added. But looks like it is not possible in this docs :/
I will still fix this up with suggestions.

.. warning::

>     The "main" path (in this example "%sylius.security.new_api_shop_regex%/.*" ) should be at the very end of the configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The "main" path (in this example ``"%sylius.security.new_api_shop_regex%/.*"`` ) should be at the very end of the configuration
```

    with the same route, otherwise this would not work.

> Now when anonymous user will try to use other routes he will be informed that he is not authenticated:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now when an anonymous user will try to use other checkout routes he will be informed that he is not authenticated:
```
